---
tags: Learning/SAE/CIM301/Weekly
Date: 2026-03-02
Type: Quick Note
Author: Cody Cork
---

# Example Journal Entry - From Pat

(Example of a typical journal entry on creative work :slightly_smiling_face:)

I've recently been working on a remix for D Blinkhorn. I've struggled a bit with it, not knowing where to go with it. I began by doing some big experimental processing with the original material, not worrying about structure or aiming for a particular outcome. That material was cool, but a lot of it was a little weird. It's funny--I was just talking to the class about the importance of having a particular outcome in mind while doing studio sessions to provide guidance, and to know what it is you're aiming to accomplish. There're two different things here though: creating work, and skill development. Creating work doesn't have to play by the rules of skill development. However, having some guidance around the session can definitely be useful.

I struggled to really dive into the project as I had loads of other commitments competing for my time. While I sometimes felt excited to work on it, I also was frustrated at my inability to make proper time for it. I also was inspired to write other pieces of music than the remix, and sometimes felt resistance to working on the remix as I wanted to expore entirely different pieces.

Something I thought a lot about though was how to be more open to applying and exploring the ideas I wanted to explore, in the commitments I already had. So if I wanted to explore building really complex audio/instrument racks, I should do that within the context of the commissioned work. That way, I'm sort of mixing what I want to do with what I have to do. I'm trying to break down the barrier that exists between those two things--trying to not see them as completely separate things. I want to continue that moving forward.

Something that worked well though was actually the types of processing I was doing on some of the more recent sessions. These centred around building really complex drum racks, with loads of complex processing going on per sound--enough in fact for a typical DAW session. There were some pads that had multiple instruments on them, triggered in round-robin, with spectral and granular processing all over them. The CPU was getting wrecked, but managed. I used heaps of Expressive Control in Live. I think that's what it's called. It allows for a random value to be generated each time a note is fed into it, which can then be assigned to a synth/effect parameter, or a bunch of them. This means that every time that sound is triggered, there can be so much randomisation going on that it's impossible to predict what's going to happen. I find these great to render out as individual audio channels, then find what works and what doesn't. Building looping material out of these moves it away from being too chaotic towards being more ordered, but while still having that sense of unpredictability. Those audio channels can then be further processed to make some more interesting material. I love this process and find it really rewarding. It reminds me of working on Elektron gear, or in The Grid inside Bitwig.

So the main thing that I struggled with really was committing to actually doing the sessions and work on it. Once I did work on it, I felt really engaged with the piece and invested in it. I became excited by what I was creating. I found 2 things essential: a) locking in when I'd be working on it in the calendar, and sticking to it, and b) setting a countdown timer, clearly visible to me, and telling myself that if I've worked on the remix for that period, I'm sweet. With a crazy calendar, finding time and sticking to the commitments is hard--especially when no one is there to hold you accountable. But it's necessary to hit those commitments as though someone else is depending on them. Because (especially in the case of this remix) other people often are depending on it.

Something that also didn't work initially but then did work eventually was how I approached the entire creative process of the work. I initially began by recording out a really long take, then recording more and more material of this. Eventually I had a really long, really wierd set of sounds. These were cool, but led towards long, stretched out pieces of material due to the types of sounds I was working with--mostly live granular synthesisers. It forced me to work in a top-down process of structuring: building out the entire timeline, then building more and more on smaller time scales. This is opposed to bottom-up structuring, where I work on individual small sounds, clump them together, layer, etc, until I have a phrase, then repeat until I have a section, repeat until I have a whole timeline at the end of the process. I like top-down strucuring for some pieces, but it didn't work for this one. Instead, I moved to another blank area of the timeline and applied those strategies mentioned above (massive drum racks), and built out a 16-bar section, then another, then draw out on paper a type of structure I thought would work, then went about building that structure with this new material, and a bunch of the material from the original top-down sketch. So that big process wasn't entirely wasteful! The result was a smaller set of materials, but a set that is highly diverse in soundtypes, and with sounds I find really interesting. I also really leaned into the types of material inspired by the drastic processing mentioned above, itself inspired by the music of emptyset