---
tags:
  - Learning/SAE/CIM301/Project
Author: Cody Cork
Date: 2026-03-13
---
## Strengths
My strongest pillars across my audio skillset definitely resides in the realms of Sound Design, Foley & Music Production. Ableton is definitely my strongest tool, especially for quick ideation & music production, although for larger more complex projects, especially for Screen, Pro Tools is the tool I'd use & something I'd consider quite competent in. 

Alongside these main tools, I'd consider myself competent with Wwise for implementation of audio into games, as well as iZotope RX for advanced audio repair, utilising this heavily on previous film projects to cleanup dialogue & recordings. For Music specifically I'm quite well versed with iZotope Ozone to polish musical masters ready for release. 

Outside of my software hard skills, I've received positive feedback for the work I've done with Location sound with both sound mixing & boom operation, but more importantly a lot of the feedback on set has been on how I work well with the team, that I bring a fun but productive air to the way that I work. 

Continuing on with my Soft Skills, I have a strong project management methodologies, with my Capstone being the one to initiate a collaborative mindset to the project, leading to our group juggling 4 different Capstone projects concurrently. I also have strong interpersonal skills built from years of customer facing jobs in hospitality. I think these alone would be highly beneficial to freelance work, as well as for work at Studio's & Production companies. 

## Weaknesses 
FMOD is another highly used middleware tool for game studios, as well as this more studio's especially smaller ones highly favour audio people with skills & knowledge in scripting & coding, with C#, Python & Lua being the most common cited [^1]

Reaper is a DAW thats growing in popularity especially in Game Audio, as it offers a lot of functionality that other DAW's don't have, and a scripting tool / function that makes it completely customisable which puts it into a class of it's own. With it's growing popularity I really need to put in some time to learn how to use it, as well as the capabilities & workflows.

## Opportunities 
Opportunities might seem a little sparse initially but expanding the scope to smaller pockets of audio work definitely makes things look a little better. 

With the growing markets of Audiobooks, as well as Podcasts & YouTubers opens up a lot of possible work & pathways. This can be for both Sound Design & Music.

Spatial & 3D Audio are also niches in audio that are currently taking off, with projections looking at roughly $6.5 billion in 2024 jumping to estimates of $19.2 billion by 2034 according to [3D Audio Market](https://market.us/report/3d-audio-market/) [^2]

Outside of traditional work opportunities, there's definitely a growing market to freelance tutoring for tools like Ableton. As shown in [^3] teens outline that they're looking for more variety in the way that they learn music.

## Threats
Perth definitely has a limited market when it comes to certain pockets of audio work - especially Games Audio. Though remote work is possible, it has been stated that studios often prefer local talent as team integration & time zones can at times provide issues.  

Although there's some possible future work in Film Audio with the creation of [Perth Film Studios](https://perthfilmstudios.com) some say that directors, producers, etc already have their established network, so for a newcomer into the scene, it'll be a lot harder to break into some of these roles. 

AI is definitely a possible threat, even though they won't (or currently unable) to take the higher creative work, it's definitely at a place where it can replace the smaller, entry level tasks & roles. 

*For Example:*
- Basic Editing tasks - cutting out silences between takes 
- Ideation & basic - coming up with small, quick ideas




[^1]: [Audio Programming & How To Learn It — Game Audio Learning Portal](https://www.gameaudiolearning.com/knowledgebase/audio-programming-and-how-to-learn-it)

[^2]: [3D Audio Market](https://market.us/report/3d-audio-market/)

[^3]: [Study Reveals Teens' Strong Commitment to Music and Music Making | NAMM.org](https://www.namm.org/news/press-releases/study-reveals-teens-strong-commitment-music-and-music-making)
