{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2758
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 AppleColorEmoji;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-BoldOblique;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red5\green7\blue9;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c1569\c2353\c3137;\csgray\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15100\viewh17680\viewkind1
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Kontakt
\fs24 \'a9
\fs48  Library Utilities (KLU)\
\pard\pardeftab720\qr\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs22 \cf2 \
\'a9 2022 Fred Bloggs
\fs28 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf2 Disclaimer !
\f1\b0\fs28 \

\fs16 \

\fs28 This utility software for Kontakt \'ae libraries, stems from software originally made for my personal use that I previously released thinking they may be helpful to others.\
\
The original apps, SNPIDer and NICNT Creator were based on AppleScript. 
\f0\b KLU
\f1\b0  combines both the former utilities into one application and is entirely 
\f0\b rewritten from scratch
\f1\b0  in a more flexible programming environment, allowing features to be added and hopefully, giving a more intuitive experience for users.\
\
Kontakt\'a9 Library Utilities (KLU), if free for personal use. It may not be sold, traded or distributed by anyone, without express permission from myself. A contact link is in the documentation file.\
\
It is safe for use as far as I'm aware, and does nothing to involuntarily or wilfully harm your computer or its software. I cannot, however, take responsibility for any damage caused whilst it is running either by the software itself or from acts of (your) God occurring whilst it is running. You therefore implicitly agree by running this software that you take full responsibility for anything that may happen to your computer when running the software.\
Phew !! I just had to get that off my chest 
\f2 \uc0\u55357 \u56834 
\f1 .\
\
This Mac software will run on any system 
\f0\b 10.12 (El Capitan) or later
\f1\b0 . It is tested and running on MacOS Monterey and, although I have not yet confirmed this, it should run natively on M1/M2/M3 Apple silicon.\
\
I have no beta testers to check my software but I do try and test it as thoroughly as I can. As a result, I cannot guarantee that you won't find bugs but the software, even if it crashes or freezes (it never has for me !), will not harm your computer in any way. I welcome your comments, good or bad and I'll try to fix any bugs you may find, but this goes without guarantees ! That said, you can't really complain about the price, can you ? 
\f2 \uc0\u55357 \u56841 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\i\b \cf2 Make music, have fun, be safe.}