---
tags:
  - Learning/SAE/GAD170/Project
Date: 2026-03-03
Author: Cody Cork
Type: Checklist
Complete:
---
# Resources

- [GAD170.1 - Project Outline](https://docs.google.com/document/d/170PE08jQxNsaPiyB9MUqFjov2akazqqz5vFkmRC7v5Q/edit?tab=t.0#heading=h.myhazq7cdgyv)


# Checklist

### Documentation

> [!todo]- #### Documentation Requirements
> - [x] Flow Chart(s) that show step-wise logic and branching decisions with outcomes.
> 	- [[GAD170.1 - Flowchart v1.pdf]]
> - [ ] Pseudo code planning of your scripts and provides guidance on the overall steps that your program will perform.
> 	- [[GAD170.1 - Project Documentation#^a618b8|GAD170.1 - Pseudocode]]
> - [ ] References List - APA7 
> 	- [[GAD170.1 - Project Documentation#^65d3f5|GAD170.1 - References Table]]

### Post Project Reflective

> [!todo]- #### Project Reflective Requirements
> - [ ] A MP4 video covering and discussing and reflecting on the following:
> 	- [ ] Showing the Authoritative source that you have reviewed and what you learned from it and how you could apply it to your current project.
> 		- [ ] Showing your APA 7 Reference on screen.
> 	- [ ] Show and critically analysing your work and making suggestions for actionable steps for improvement:
> 		- [ ] Pseudo Code.
> 		- [ ] Flow Chart
> 		- [ ] Code and Unity Project.
> 	- [ ] Reviewing your code and showing where you have completed each of the program requirements in your submission.
> 	- [ ] Show the program running in Unity Editor, even if errors occur.
> 	- [ ] An estimation of the grade you believe you should receive based on your submission.
> 	- [ ] 3-7 mins max Length.

### Program Requirements

> [!todo]- #### Player
> - [ ] Player (Your Bugémon: Bool-basaur)
> 	- [ ] Core Stats: 
> 		- [ ] attackStrength: must be an int at the start (can become a float after leveling).
> 		- [ ] level: starts at 1.
> 		- [ ] EXP: increases when enemies are defeated.
> 		- [ ] EXP threshold: starts small and increases each time you level up.
> 	- [ ] Attacking: 
> 		- [ ] When the player presses a key (e.g. [A] for Attack),  Bool-basaur deals damage equal to their attack stat to the current enemy’s HP.
> 	- [ ] Leveling Up: is a function called LevelUpMyPlayer 
> 		- [ ] When  Bool-basaur’s EXP reaches or exceeds the threshold, a prompt should appear:
> 			- [ ] "Level-up ready! Press [Space] to evolve  Bool-basaur to the next level..."
> 		- [ ] When the player presses [Space], the following should happen:
> 			- [ ] Increase  Bool-basaur’s level by 1.
> 			- [ ] Multiply the current attack stat by 1.25 (i.e., increase it by 25%).
> 			- [ ] Increase the EXP threshold for the next level.
> 		- [ ] When  Bool-basaur reaches Level 5, the game ends and you should print a win message such as:
> 			- [ ] "Congratulations!  Bool-basaur evolved into Struct-asaur!"

> [!todo]- #### Enemies 
> - [ ] Enemies (Wild Bugémon)
> 	- [ ] Enemies “appear” one at a time.
> 	- [ ] Each enemy has: 
> 		- [ ] A random level
> 		- [ ] A HP value based on their level (e.g., Level 1 = 10 HP, Level 2 = 15 HP, etc.)
> 	- [ ] When an enemy’s HP drops below 1: 
> 		- [ ] Print a message that the enemy has fainted.
> 		- [ ] Grant  Bool-basaur a random amount of EXP.
> 		- [ ] “Spawn” a new enemy immediately (until  Bool-basaur reaches Level 5).

> [!todo]- #### Debug Log & UI Requirements
> - [ ] Debug Log (Output to Console) and UI Requirements :
> 	- [ ] Your game must print the following to the Unity console using Debug.Log() and show it on screen using Text: each use includes a debug word, and a different colour.
> 		- [ ] When EXP is gained:
> 			- [ ] " Bool-basaur gained 12 EXP!" green colour 
> 		- [ ] When a level-up is available:
> 			- [ ] "Level-up ready! Press [Space] to evolve  Bool-basaur to the next level..
> 		- [ ] When leveling up:
> 			- [ ] "Level up!  Bool-basaur is now Level 2!"
> 			- [ ] "Attack increased to 12.5"
> 			- [ ] "Next level EXP threshold: 40" 
> 		- [ ] When damage is dealt:
> 			- [ ] " Bool-basaur used Logic Lash! It dealt 10 damage!"
> 			- [ ] "Byte-chu's HP is now 5" 
> 		- [ ] When a new enemy appears:
> 			- [ ] "A wild Byte-chu appeared! Level 2 with 15 HP!"
> 		- [ ] When Level 5 is reached:
> 			- [ ] " Bool-basaur evolved into Struct-asaur! 

> [!todo]- #### Sprites
> - [ ] Your system needs to utilise a sprites for:
> 	- [ ] Player
> 	- [ ] Enemy

